This is not how I want this Finance Module to be working on.

Here is my simple plan to do it, so do it this way.

1. Creating Chart of Accounts With fields
The user or the system will create a new "AC Head" which will be the field of Journal as we see in the accounting cycle of bookkeeping.
and each "AC Head" will have its Attributes as per the mapping of Chart of Accounts. and that Chart of accounts will have the following fields and values.

1.1 “Main Group” (having either of two values 1. Balance Sheet or 2. Profit and Loss)

1.2 “Element Grp” (having conditional validation based on Main Group Values, 
If the Main Group is "Balance sheet", it will have one of these, Equity, Liabilities, Assets. 
If the main Group is "Profit and Loss", it will have one of these, Incomes, Expenses.

1.3 “Sub Element Grp” (having conditional validation based on Element Grp Values, 
if Element Grp is "Equity", it will have one of these, Capital, Share Capital, Reserves, "Add New". (and when added new, user or system can add its own)
if Element Grp is "Liabilities", it will have one of these, Non Current Liabilities, Current Liabilities, "Add New". (and when added new, user or system can add its own)
if Element Grp is "Assets", it will have one of these, Non Current Assets, Current Assets, "Add New". (and when added new, user or system can add its own)
if Element Grp is "Incomes", it will have one of these, Sales, Service Revenue, "Add New". (and when added new, user or system can add its own)
if Element Grp is "Expenses", it will have one of these, Cost of Sales, Cost of Service Revenue, Purchase Returns, "Add New". (and when added new, user or system can add its own)

1.4 “Detailed Grp” (having conditional validation based on “Sub Element Grp” Values,

If the Sub Element Group is “Capital” it will have one of these, Owners Capital, "Add New". (and when added new, user or system can add its own)

If the Sub Element Group is “Non Current Liabilities” it will have one of these,Long term loans, "Add New". (and when added new, user or system can add its own)

If the Sub Element Group is “Current Liabilities” it will have one of these, Short term loans, Trade Creditors, Accrued Charges, Other Payables, "Add New". (and when added new, user or system can add its own)

If the Sub Element Group is “Non Current Assets” it will have one of these, Property Plant and Equipment, Intangible Assets, "Add New". (and when added new, user or system can add its own)

If the Sub Element Group is “Current Assets” it will have one of these, Stock in trade, Trade Debtors, Advances and prepayments, Other Receivables, Cash and Bank Balances, "Add New". (and when added new, user or system can add its own)


With this kind of mapping of the chart of accounts, i want you to know that we will have Cost Centers as “AC Head” now, we should be able to map values from different modules of the system to this field for integration with accounting module. For example, When we have created a new Client in the Client Module, each client should be a AC head for accounting purpose as each client is a Cost Center. Similarly when we created a new team member in the users module, that user should be the an AC head for accounting Purposes as each User is also a Cost Center.
Therefore, you will make a robust mechanism to integrate the Cost Centers of Modules with the AC heads in the Chart of Accounts, so that it becomes easier for you to bring the bookkeeping effects to the finance module from different Modules of the system.