We will not make any roles for permissions, instead we will give permissions on a granular basis to each user for their access. Here is how this will be accomplished.

A robust mechanism to add, view, update and delete the "Memebers" via This Module by Super Admin, that Accounting firm needs in order to Manage the users of tenants console, these users will have access of various parts of the application based on the permissions granted to them like, Tasks Module, Clients Module, Setup Module, Reporting Module,User Management Module or any other modules that we will add in application in future. The UI of this module shall have following sections.

1. Members


i. Field Name: Member Name
Input behaviour: (Text input)  
Validations: Duplicate not allowed

ii. Field Name: Designation
Input behaviour: (Dropdown of values from “Designation” Field of Team Designations Section of Setup Module)  
Validations: Duplicate not allowed

	iii. Field Name: Department
Input behaviour: (Dropdown of values from “Department” Field of Team Designations Section of Setup Module)  
Validations: Duplicate not allowed
Once this member is created, he should start appearing in the list of users and then should be able to grant permissions from next sections of “Access Permissions”

2. Access Permissions

The UI of this section will be as follows
	
Example:
Module Name		Operations				Permission

Clients Module	Access Level				Full		
Create Client				Yes
Read Clients				Yes
Update Clients			Yes
Delete Clients				Yes
Clients Module	Access Level				Partial		
Create Client				No
Read Clients				Yes
Update Clients			Yes
Delete Clients				No

Clients Module	Access Level				Restricted		
Create Client				No
Read Clients				No
Update Clients			No
Delete Clients				No




Note: the behaviour of the “Access Level” if that is set to “Full” system will automatically set the below CRUD Access to Yes, but if it is Set to “Partial”, “Super Admin” will set the below CRUD to Yes or No. AND if it is set to “Restricted” system will automatically set the below CRUD Access to No. and this whole module will not be shown to this user, Not even in Sidebar.

The logic will be the same for all the other modules e.g. Tasks Module, Setup Module, that have been added, or will be added in the future while scaling this application.


Once all the permissions are set, the Super admin will move to next step, i.e. Credentials Creation for this “Member”
	
3. Credentials Creation

	i. Field Name: Email Address
Input behaviour: (Email Input via text)  
Validations: Duplicate not allowed

	ii. Field Name: Assigned Password
Input behaviour: (Any Text, Number, special characters input)  
Validations: Duplicate allowed

Special Note: The “Email Address” and “Assigned Password” set here shall be given to that user who should be able to signin with these credentials and should have access to only those application parts to which he is given access.

With all these three sections, a Member will be created and should be able to user the system.

